[DM-3035] Add a note on recommended event type for logfile events (#1647)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/device-integration/fragment-library-bundle/logs.md

When the device has gathered the logs it uploads them to {{< product-c8y-iot >}} as a file.
We recommend you to create an event and upload the log file as a binary attachment of the event.

> To avoid conflicts with other events bearing binary attachments (e.g. for [typed file-based configuration](#upload-current-configuration-file))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To avoid conflicts with other events bearing binary attachments (for example, for [typed file-based configuration](#upload-current-configuration-file))
```

> we recommend to use `c8y_Logfile` as event type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
we recommend you to use `c8y_Logfile` as event type.
```
